Authentication Methods Registration Campaign Graph Docs (#12112)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/authenticationmethodsregistrationcampaignincludetarget.md

---
title: "authenticationMethodsRegistrationCampaignIncludeTarget resource type"

> description: "Allow users and groups of users to be nudged to set up targeted authentication methods."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Allow users and groups of users to be reminded to set up targeted authentication methods."
```

author: "mjsantani"
localization_priority: Normal

> ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
```

doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# authenticationMethodsRegistrationCampaignIncludeTarget resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Users and groups targeted for authentication method registration campaigns. Please note: Of the users in this include target, only users and groups that are enabled by policy to setup the authentication method will be targeted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the users and groups that are targeted for authentication method registration campaigns. Only users and groups that are enabled by the policy to set up the authentication method are targeted.
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |id|String|Object ID of an Azure AD user or group.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|The object identifier of an Azure AD user or group.|
```

> |targetedAuthenticationMethod|String|The authentication method user is prompted to register. The only accepted value is currently 'microsoftAuthenticator'.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|targetedAuthenticationMethod|String|The authentication method that the user is prompted to register. The value must be 'microsoftAuthenticator'.|
```
